Welcome back.
Now in the previous exercise and the exercise we just did we see that we had to do a bit of calculation
it was kind of annoying where we had to add things up then have this you know plus five and plus four
in interviews you're never going to do this and you're asking yourself Andre Why did you just teach
me this and you're right.
But now when you least understand how big O gets calculated.
But most of the time when you go into interviews there's the set of rules that you're going to follow
where you don't need to do this and you can just take a look at this function and immediately say what
type of bego it is.
For example this function actually just turns into a row of an this function again turns into just 0
of an and this is a nifty little trick.
When we talk about big-O in interviews most of the time you're only going to give one of these answers
you're most likely never going to actually calculate precisely 0 3 and or of three and plus two plus
one.
So how was I able to simplify our exercises and just say that they're in.
And luckily for you there are just several rules that we can follow when it comes to the go.
And there's only four of them.
By following these four rules instead of doing those small little calculations we've been doing up until
this moment you can just simplify your life so that big old becomes really really easy to calculate.
Let's tackle the first one that is rule number one worst case.
Let's talk about that in the next video.